---
title: Open position at Park Cities Presbyterian Church - Full-time Preschool Ministry Coordinator
date: 2015-12-15 00:00
expires: 2016-04-01 00:00
publish: yes
---

This position will provide oversight and coordination of the Preschool Ministry as an integral part of the overall Children’s Ministry. Partners with parents, volunteers and leaders to coordinate a healthy, Gospel-centered ministry that assists in the discipleship of preschool age children (2 years of age (after September 1) through Kindergarten). Serving under the direction of the Director of Children’s Ministry, responsibilities include: Overseeing Sunday morning programs, Collaborating in the recruitment and development of volunteers with the Nursery and Childcare Ministry Leader and Elementary Coordinator, Assisting in the direction and implementation of age-appropriate aspects to the Preschool curriculum, Assisting in building effective teams of passionate adults, parents and volunteers who will put the vision of the Preschool Ministry into action. This position is highly team-oriented, with strong relational and organizational skills. Must be willing to try and fail, and try again. Sunday morning attendance and presence is required for this position. Office hours will include flex time built in for events, programs and new initiatives. Prefer a college degree and three plus years of experience working in Preschool ministry or in the field of adolescent development or early childhood education or equivalent. Strongly prefer a member of PCPC with a heart for providing dynamic preschool age programs for children to know, love, obey and serve God. Send a current resume’ via email to [careers@pcpc.org](mailto:careers@pcpc.org?subject=Regarding%20Preschool%20Coordinator%20position%20at%20PCPC). For reference, the full job description can be viewed on our PCPC website at [jobsatpcpc.org](http://jobsatpcpc.org).
